#Using Webpack With A Config File#

##Installing packages##

- Create a folder named task_1, cd into it, and create a package.json using npm init -y
- Install webpack (dev dependency), jQuery (dependency), and Lodash (dependency) within the folder using npm.
- Modify your package.json to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This lets you execute npm run build on the command line.

##Using jQuery##

- Create a js directory with a javascript file named dashboard_main.js in it. The file should import jquery and add the below elements in the following order:
* Paragraph element: Holberton Dashboard
* Paragraph element: Dashboard data for the students
* Button element with the text Click here to get started
* Add a paragraph element as so <p id='count'></p>
*Add another paragraph: Copyright - Holberton School

##Prevent spammers##

- Write a function called updateCounter() that tracks the number of times the button element has been clicked.
- Each time it’s called, update the count by 1 and set the content of the paragraph element with id=‘count’ to {count} clicks on the button
- Bind the debounce function in Lodash to the click event on the button you created previously.

##Requirements:##

- When running Webpack, your javascript should be generated in a public folder. You should also place your index.html in this folder.
- The javascript file generated by Webpack should be named bundle.js
- Set Webpack config mode to production
- Opening your html file should not generate any error in the console
- Your html code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack)
